# Carina bot

When we say “Carina,” “we,” “us,” and “our” in these terms, we mean Carina

When we say “services” in these terms, we mean Carina’s services, apps, websites, and other products.

When we say “you” or “your,” we mean you. If you’re accessing our services on behalf of a legal entity (like your employer), you agree that you have the authority to bind that entity to these terms, and “you” and “your” will refer to that entity.

## Terms of Service

### ABOUT THE SERVICE

The Service allows you to talk with our ai robot that is ready to make conversation with you automatically by taking advantage of the power of advanced Artificial Intelligence. Your name, age (if provided to bot) including but not limited to the conversation logs will be hosted by the Service.

However, we reserve the right to change, discontinue, or deprecate any of the Service (including the Service as a whole) or change or remove features or functionality of the Service from time to time with or without notice to you if we believe providing the Services could create a substantial economic, technical or security risk for us or in order to comply with the law or requests of governmental entities or if the provision of any of the Services has become impractical for any legal or regulatory reason.

### DATA SECURITY AND SERVICE LEVEL

We will implement reasonable and appropriate measures designed to help you secure User Content against accidental or unlawful loss, access or disclosure. We will store the User Content, including the dialogue logs, for a period of time as decided solely by the Company. We reserve the right to delete the logs, in part or as a whole, at any time with or without any prior notice.
We store your data in a encrypted manner.

### PRICING AND PAYMENT

The company reserves the right to decide the pricing policy for the Service, as well as the right to change the pricing policy from time to time. Users shall pay all applicable charges and fees in due time, if any. Delay in payment may result in the termination of the Service.


### ONLINE CONTENT DISCLAIMER

Opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content made available through the Service, but not directly by the Company, are those of their respective authors, and should not necessarily be relied upon. If the content is provided by other users, such authors are solely responsible for such content. If the content is provided by the robot, such content is automatically generated by a set of algorithms and programs. The Company does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information on the Service and neither does the Company adopt nor endorse, nor is the Company responsible for, the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by parties other than the Company, including but not limited to the robot.

### INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

You acknowledge and agree that we and our licensors retain ownership of all intellectual property rights of any kind related to the Service, including applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights. Other product and company names that are mentioned on the Service may be trademarks of their respective owners. We reserve all rights that are not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.
